now something so so simple to make but
it's amazing if you follow a couple of
simple processes how much more tasty you
can make this rather than just simply
toasting the bread we're going to fry it
and make a really super delicious have a
cheese toast you know the first thing
you want to do is a generous generous
amount of butter onto your bread that's
going to give an extra flavor it's also
going to really help caramelize that
exterior now you could use any sort of
fillings in here today I'm using a
little bit of really nice fresh home
spend a little bit extra go to your
delicatessens and get a really good
quality home then the best cheese to add
in here is something like an avatar
which I'll melt down really really
nicely so into your medium heated pan
goes your toasty now you can see that
lovely caramelization happening on the
outside cook it for about a minute or
two on each side and when you take it
out you can see that it's really nicely
caramelized your cheese is melted down
into the center it's an absolutely
really super delicious and simple to
make ham and cheese toastie